Updated contribute/containers _index.md (#894)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/containers/_index.md

## Mattermost Official Docker Images

- [mattermost/mattermost-enterprise-edition](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-enterprise-edition) - **Official Mattermost Server** image for the **Enterprise Edition version**. To find the Dockerfile please refer to the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/tree/master/build).

- [mattermost/mattermost-team-edition](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-team-edition) - **Official Mattermost Server** image for the **Team Edition version**. To find the Dockerfile please refer to the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/tree/master/build).

- [mattermost/mattermost-push-proxy](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-push-proxy) - Mattermost Push Proxy. [Documentation](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/mobile/push-notifications/service/). [GitHub](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-push-proxy).

- [mattermost/mattermost-loadtest](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-loadtest) - Image for the Load Test application. Tools for profiling Mattermost under heavy load. [GitHub](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test).

> - [mattermost/mattermost-operator](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-operator) - Official image for Mattermost Operator for Kubernetes. For more information check the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-operator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-operator](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-operator) - Official image for Mattermost Operator for Kubernetes. For more information please refer to the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-operator).
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-cloud](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-cloud) - Mattermost Private Cloud is a SaaS offering meant to smooth and accelerate the customer journey from trial to full adoption. For more information check the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-cloud](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-cloud) - Mattermost Private Cloud is a SaaS offering meant to smooth and accelerate the customer journey from trial to full adoption. For more information please refer to the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-cloud).
```

- [mattermost/sync-helpwanted-tickets](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/sync-helpwanted-tickets) - For internal use. This image runs the sync with Jira tickets and GitHub Issues. To check the code please refer [here](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-utilities/tree/master/github_jira_tools).

- [mattermost/podman](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/mattermost/podman) - For internal use. Contains Podman to build/tag/push container images.

- [mattermost/chewbacca](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/mattermost/chewbacca-bot) - For internal use. A GitHub Bot for administrative tasks. Please refer to the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/mattermost/chewbacca) for more information.

- [mattermost/matterwick](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/mattermost/matterwick) - For internal use. A GitHub Bot to spin test servers for pull requests. Please refer to the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/mattermost/matterwick) for more information.

> - [mattermost/webrtc](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/mattermost/webrtc) - DEPRECATED. Preview docker image of Mattermost WebRTC. Docs: [Here](http://bit.ly/2fVbWjU)

Author: Yeah, sure. reverting those changes.
